<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_scf_2pz_gbb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Thermostat Control</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p>Hot water temperatures required for automatic-dishwasher and laundry use can cause scald
            burns resulting in serious personal injury and death.
            <xref keyref="sec:Mixing_Valves/table_burn_time_at_various_temps"/>
            shows the approximate time-to-burn relationship for normal adult skin.</p>
        <p><hazardstatement conkeyref="wmsg:burn_hazard-hot_water">
            <messagepanel>
                <typeofhazard/>
                <consequence/>
                <howtoavoid/>
            </messagepanel>
            <hazardsymbol/>
        </hazardstatement></p>
        <p id="p_wbz_brz_gbb">The temperature at which injury occurs varies with the person’s age
            and duration of exposure. The slower response time of children, the elderly, or disabled
            persons increases the hazards to them. If anyone using hot water provided by the water
            heater being installed fits into one of these groups or if there is a local code or
            state law requiring a certain water temperature at the point of use, then special
            precautions must be taken.</p>
        <p id="p_xbz_brz_gbb">In addition to using the lowest possible temperature setting that
            satisfies the demand of the application a mixing valve can be installed at the water
            heater or at the hot water taps to further reduce system water temperature. 
            See <xref keyref="sec:Mixing_Valves/fig_mixing_valve_example"/>.</p>
        <p id="p_ybz_brz_gbb">Never allow a small child to use a hot water tap unsupervised or draw
            his or her own bath water. Never leave a child or disabled person unattended in a
            bathtub or shower. </p>
        <p id="p_zbz_brz_gbb">The water heater should be located in an area where the general public
            does not have access to set temperatures.</p>
        <p id="p_acz_brz_gbb">Setting the Operating Set Point at 120°F (49°C) will reduce the risk
            of scalds. Some States require settings at specific lower temperatures.</p>
        
        <!-- In legacy versions, there is a duplicate of the time to burn table here; since it is a duplicate,
             I have removed it from the xml versions and set references to its first use in the manual.
        -->

        <p id="p_zyn_ttz_gbb">The water heaters covered in this manual are equipped with an
            electronic control system to regulate water temperature inside the storage tank. The
            control system senses temperature from two factory installed temperature probes, one
            installed in the top of the storage tank and one installed near the bottom. 
            See <xref keyref="sec:Components_Top_View/fig_top_view"/> 
            and <xref keyref="sec:Components_Side_Views/fig_components_side_view"/>.</p>
        <p id="p_azn_ttz_gbb">The “Operating Set Point” is adjusted to regulate water temperature
            inside the storage tank. This is an adjustable user setting in the control system’s
            “Temperatures Menu.” This and all control system menus are accessed through the UIM
            (user interface module) located on the front of the water heater. 
            See <xref keyref="sec:Control_System_Navigation/fig_UIM_home_screen_components"/>.</p>
        <p id="p_bzn_ttz_gbb">The Operating Set Point is adjustable from 90°F (32°C) to 180°F
            (82°C). The factory setting is 120°F (49°C). 
            See <xref keyref="sec:Operating_Set_Point_and_Differential_Adjustment"/> 
            for instructions on how to adjust the Operating Set Point and other user settings.</p>
        <p id="p_czn_ttz_gbb">Set the Operating Set Point at the lowest setting that produces an
            acceptable hot water supply. This will always provide the most energy efficient
            operation.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>