<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_xhr_k4z_gbb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>High Temperature Limit Control</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p id="p_yjx_m4z_gbb">This water heater is equipped with an energy cut off (ECO), a
            non-adjustable high-temperature-limit switch. The ECO is a normally-closed switch that
            opens (activates) when the temperature increases to a preset threshold temperature.</p>
        <p id="p_zjx_m4z_gbb">The ECO is located inside the Upper Temperature Probe (two red wires).
            See <xref keyref="sec:Components_Side_Views/fig_components_side_view"/> for the location. 
            The ECO switch contacts open when the water temperature increases to approximately 202°F (94°C) 
            and close when the water temperature decreases to approximately 140°F (60°C). </p>
        <p id="p_akx_m4z_gbb">If the ECO activates (contacts open) due to abnormally-high water
            temperatures in the storage tank, the control system immediately de-energizes the
            24-volt gas valve and ends the current heating cycle. The control system automatically
            locks up to disable any further heating operation. The control system displays the
                <uicontrol>ECO Fault</uicontrol> message on the LCD screen. It is important that a
                <b>qualified service agent</b> be contacted to determine the reason for the ECO
            activation before resetting the ECO. Once the reason has been determined and corrected,
            the ECO can be reset as follows:</p>
        <p id="p_bkx_m4z_gbb">If the ECO activates, the water temperature must drop below 140°F
            (60°C) before the control system can be reset. Once the water temperature has cooled
            below this point, the power supply to the water heater must be turned off and on again
            to reset the control system.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>