<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><task xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="task_ebf_nj5_gbb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:task.xsd">
    <title>Connecting An External Supervisory Control</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The enable/disable circuit is accessed from the CCB’s J17 plug inside the CCB
                enclosure. See <xref keyref="sec:Components_Top_View/fig_top_view"/>
                to locate the CCB enclosure. Install field wiring to the enable/disable circuit:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Turn off power at the water heater’s Enable/Disable switch and the breaker that
                    supplies power to the water heater.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Locate the CCB enclosure.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Carefully remove the temperature-probe connectors and the CCB enclosure
                    cover.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Locate pins 1 and 2 on the CCB J17 plug. See <xref keyref="sec:Central_Control_Board_Layout/"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect the two field-supplied control wires to pins 1 and 2 on the CCB J17
                    plug.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Thread the control wires out of the CCB enclosure with the other wiring and
                    carefully replace the CCB enclosure cover. Ensure all wiring is routed through
                    the intended area provided for strain relief. Ensure that no wiring is being
                    pinched.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Reinstall the CCB enclosure cover and temperature-probe connectors.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Route the control wires inside the junction box on the top of the water heater.
                    See <xref keyref="sec:Components_Top_View/fig_top_view"/> 
                    to locate the junction box. Use an available
                    knock-out to route the wires inside the junction box.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Install field-supplied control wiring and conduit, as required by national and
                    local codes, between the water heater’s junction box and the external
                    supervisory control. Connect the wiring from the external control to the control
                    wires inside the junction box using wire nuts and electrical tape.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect the control wiring to a set of dry contacts on the external control.
                    Follow the control manufacturer’s instructions for making connections.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Restore power to the water heater.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the water heaters user interface module (UIM) Heater Information screen,
                    select <uicontrol>Use External Enable</uicontrol> and change the value to
                        <i>Yes</i>. See <xref keyref="sec:Components_Top_View/fig_top_view"/> to
                    locate the UIM.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <note>Whenever the external control opens the set of dry contacts used, water
                        heating operation is disabled. Whenever the external control closes the set
                        of dry contacts used, water heating operation is enabled. A diagonal line
                        and circle appears over the thermometer icon on the UIM when water heating
                        operation is disabled. See <xref keyref="sec:Status_Icons/table_status_icons"/>.</note>
                    <note>Ensure that the water heater is protected from freezing temperatures when
                        water heating operation is disabled. Damage to the water heater that is
                        caused by freezing temperatures is not covered under the limited warranty.
                        See Commercial Water Heater Limited Warranty.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>