<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_gpx_3pc_bbb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Contaminated Air</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p>Corrosion of the flue ways and vent system may occur if air for combustion contains
            certain chemical vapors. Such corrosion may result in failure and risk of
            asphyxiation.</p>
        <p id="p_f5w_kpc_bbb">
            <hazardstatement conkeyref="wmsg:warning_brthng_hzrd_CO2_installation">
                <messagepanel id="messagepanel_pqq_ppc_bbb">
                    <typeofhazard/>
                    <howtoavoid/>
                </messagepanel>
            </hazardstatement>
        </p>
        <p id="p_p2g_spc_bbb">Combustion air that is contaminated can greatly diminish the life span
            of the water heater and water heater components such as igniters and burners.
            Propellants of aerosol sprays, beauty shop supplies, water softener chemicals and
            chemicals used in dry cleaning processes that are present in the combustion, ventilation
            or ambient air can cause such damage.</p>
        <p id="p_q2g_spc_bbb">Do not store products of this sort near the water heater. Air which is
            brought in contact with the water heater should not contain any of these chemicals. If
            necessary, uncontaminated air should be obtained from remote or outdoor sources. The
            limited warranty is voided when failure of water heater is due to a corrosive
            atmosphere. See the <i>Commercial Water Heater Limited Warranty</i> for complete terms
            and conditions.</p>
        <p id="p_r2g_spc_bbb">If the water heater will be used in beauty shops, barber shops,
            cleaning establishments, or self-service laundries with dry cleaning equipment, it is
            imperative that the water heater(s) be installed in a Direct Vent configuration so that
            all air for combustion is derived directly from the outdoor atmosphere through a sealed
            intake air pipe. See <xref keyref="sec:Venting_Installation"/>.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
