<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><task xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="task_gsy_mrv_1bb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:task.xsd">
    <title>Supply Gas Regulator</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The maximum allowable gas supply pressure for this water heater is <keyword keyref="maximum_gas_supply_pressure"/> 
                for natural and propane gas. Install a positive lock-up gas pressure
                regulator in the gas supply line if inlet gas pressure can exceed these pressures at
                any time.</p>
            <p id="p_iky_prv_1bb">If a positive lock-up regulator is required follow these
                instructions:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Positive lock-up gas pressure regulators must be rated at or above the input Btu/hr rating of the water heater they supply.
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Supply gas regulators shall have inlet and outlet connections not less than the
                    minimum supply gas line size for the water heater they supply. See Table 14
                    (page 40).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Positive lock-up gas pressure regulator(s) should be installed no closer than 3
                    feet (1 meter) and no farther than 8 feet (2.4 meters) from the water heater’s
                    inlet gas connection.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After installing the positive lock-up gas pressure regulator(s) an initial
                    nominal supply pressure setting of 7.0” W.C. while the water heater is operating
                    is recommended and will generally provide good water heater operation. Some
                    additional adjustments may be required later to maintain a steady gas supply
                    pressure.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When installing multiple water heaters in the same gas supply system it is
                    recommended that individual positive lock-up gas pressure regulators be
                    installed at each unit from the supply gas connection on the water heater.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>