<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><task xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="task_nn4_yw4_hbb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:task.xsd">
    <title>Not Enough Or No Hot Water</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p id="p_dml_hd3_ccb">If the volume of hot water is insufficient, check the
                following:</p>
            <ul id="ul_rtc_gx4_hbb">
                <li>No power to the water heater. Check breaker and fuses.</li>
                <li>The Enable/Disable switch is in the Disabled position. Set the switch to the
                    Enable position to allow the unit to operate.</li>
                <li>The hot water supply valve(s) to the fixtures is closed.</li>
                <li>The Operating Set Point is set too low and/or the Differential setting is set
                    too high. See <xref keyref="sec:Operating_Set_Point_and_Differential_Adjustment"/>.</li>
                <li>The Tank Probe Offset is causing the heating cycles to terminate prematurely.
                    See <xref keyref="sec:Temperatures_Menu"/>.</li>
                <li>An external supervisory control (using the enable/disable circuit) is disabling
                    the heating operation. Ensure that if there is an external supervisory control
                    system, that it is not affecting heating operation.</li>
                <li>The demand for hot water has exceeded the heating capacity of the water heater
                    and the water heater is unable to meet demand.</li>
                <li>Colder incoming water is lengthening the time required to heat the water to
                    desired temperature.</li>
                <li>Hot water piping leaks, open faucets, water heater drain valve leaking or
                    open.</li>
                <li>Sediment or lime-scale accumulation may be affecting water heater operation. See
                        <xref keyref="sec:Sediment_Removal"/> for sediment and lime-scale removal
                    procedures.</li>
                <li>The water heater not firing at full input rating. Check the actual firing rate
                    of the water heater. See <xref keyref="sec:Checking_the_Firing_Rate"/>. Note
                    that the water heaters covered by this manual are capable of modulating their
                    firing rate. The firing rate is dictated by the hot water draw and various other
                    temperature limitations.</li>
            </ul>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>