<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_zdy_zbx_1bb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Temperature-Pressure Relief Valve</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p>This water heater is provided with a properly rated/sized and certified combination
            Temperature-Pressure Relief Valve (T &amp; P valve) by the manufacturer. The valve is
            certified by a nationally recognized testing laboratory that maintains periodic
            inspection of production of listed equipment of materials as meeting the requirements
            for <i outputclass="Cite">Relief Valves for Hot Water Supply Systems, ANSI Z21.22</i> • <i outputclass="Cite">CSA 4.4</i>, and
            the code requirements of <i outputclass="Cite">ASME</i>.</p>
        <hazardstatement conkeyref="wmsg:burn_hazard-hot_water">
            <messagepanel id="messagepanel_inx_bcx_1bb">
                <typeofhazard/>
                <howtoavoid/>
            </messagepanel>
        </hazardstatement>
        <p id="p_hgh_ncx_1bb">If replaced, the new T&amp;P valve must meet the requirements of local
            codes, but not less than a combination Temperature-Pressure Relief Valve rated/sized and
            certified as indicated in the above paragraph. The new valve must be marked with a
            maximum set pressure not to exceed the marked hydrostatic working pressure of the water
            heater (150 psi = 1,035 kPa) and a discharge capacity not less than the water heater
            Btu/hr or kW input rate as shown on the water heater’s model rating label.</p>
        <note> In addition to the factory installed Temperature-Pressure Relief Valve on the water
            heater, each remote storage tank that may be installed and piped to a water heating
            appliance must also have its own properly sized, rated and approved Temperature-Pressure
            Relief Valve installed. Call the toll free technical support phone number listed on the
            back cover of this manual for technical assistance in sizing a Temperature-Pressure
            Relief Valve for remote storage tanks.</note>
        <p id="p_jgh_ncx_1bb">For safe operation of the water heater, the Temperature-Pressure
            Relief Valve must not be removed from its designated opening nor plugged. The
            Temperature-Pressure Relief Valve must be installed directly into the fitting of the
            water heater designed for the relief valve. Install discharge piping so that any
            discharge will exit the pipe within <keyword keyref="TP_drain_clearance"/> above an adequate floor drain,
            or external to the building. In cold climates it is recommended that it be terminated at
            an adequate drain inside the building. Be certain that no contact is made with any live
            electrical part. The discharge opening must not be blocked or reduced in size under any
            circumstances. Excessive length, over 30 feet (9.14 m), or use of more than four elbows
            can cause restriction and reduce the discharge capacity of the valve.</p>
        <p id="p_kgh_ncx_1bb">No valve or other obstruction is to be placed between the
            Temperature-Pressure Relief Valve and the tank. Do not connect discharge piping directly
            to the drain unless a <keyword keyref="TP_drain_clearance"/> air gap is provided. To prevent bodily
            injury, hazard to life, or property damage, the relief valve must be allowed to
            discharge water in adequate quantities if circumstances demand. If the discharge pipe is
            not connected to a drain or other suitable means, the water flow may cause property
            damage.</p>
        <hazardstatement conkeyref="wmsg:burn_hazard-hot_water">
            <messagepanel id="messagepanel_u4j_ffx_1bb">
                <typeofhazard/>
                <howtoavoid/>
            </messagepanel>
        </hazardstatement>
    </conbody>
</concept>