<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><dita xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:ditabase.xsd">
    <topic id="topic_fst_pd3_fbb">
        <title>Venting Requirements</title>
        <body>
            <section id="section_n5j_rd3_fbb">
                <title>Field-Supplied Fittings</title>
                <p id="p_o5j_rd3_fbb">Field-supplied fittings should be equivalent to the piping
                    material being installed. Field-installed/supplied fittings will add equivalent
                    feet to the vent or intake air piping as indicated below. All
                    field-supplied/installed fittings and piping must be factored into the
                    equivalent feet calculations.</p>
                <ul id="ul_m2p_td3_fbb">
                    <li>90° elbows (short or long radius) are equivalent to 5 linear feet (152 cm)
                        of pipe.</li>
                    <li>45° elbows (short or long radius) are equivalent to 2.5 linear feet (76 cm)
                        of pipe.</li>
                </ul>
            </section>
            <section id="section_owy_vd3_fbb">
                <title>Primer and Cement</title>
                <p id="p_pwy_vd3_fbb">Tetrahydrofuran (THF) primer should be used to prepare the
                    surfaces of pipe and fittings for solvent welding. If CPVC or ABS pipe and
                    fittings are used, then the proper cement must be used for all joints, including
                    joining the pipe to the factory provided terminations (PVC material). PVC
                    Materials should use ASTM D-2564 Grade Cement; CPVC Materials should use ASTM
                    F-493 Grade Cement.</p>
            </section>
            <section id="section_zwt_yd3_fbb">
                <title>Pipe Size Requirements</title>
                <p id="p_axt_yd3_fbb">The water heaters covered in this manual are certified for the
                    use of two-, three-, and four-inch pipe for the vent (exhaust) and intake air
                    piping. If the installed equivalent length for the intake air or vent piping
                    will be 50 feet (15.2 m) or less, two- or three-inch pipe must be used. If the
                    installed equivalent length will be more than 50 feet (15.2 m), four-inch pipe
                    must be used.</p>
                <note type="note">
                    <p id="p_zz2_b23_fbb">Install the pipe size required for the installed
                        equivalent length of each pipe independently. That is, if the intake air
                        pipe will be 50 equivalent feet or less and the vent pipe will be more than
                        50 equivalent feet, the intake air pipe must be installed using three-inch
                        pipe and the vent must be installed using four-inch pipe.</p>
                </note>
            </section>
            <p/>
        </body>
    </topic>
</dita>