<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" 
    xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" 
    id="insltn_blnkts_blower" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Insulation Blankets</title>
    <!-- There are three versions of this topic for three types of water heaters: blower-burner, single-flue, and multi-flue. 
         The difference is with a blower burner, blanket requires no clearance from bottom. Single flue heaters require 2 inches clearance.
         Multi-flue heaters require 9 inches of clerance.     -->
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p id="insltn_blnkts123">
        <hazardstatement conkeyref="wmsg:brthg_hzrd-insulation_blanket" type="warning">
            <messagepanel>
                <typeofhazard/>
                <consequence/>
                <howtoavoid/>
            </messagepanel>
            <hazardsymbol/>
        </hazardstatement></p>
        <p id="p_h4p_5jc_fbb">Insulation blankets are available to the general public for external
            use on gas water heaters but are not necessary with these products. The purpose of an
            insulation blanket is to reduce the standby heat loss encountered with storage tank
            heaters. The water heaters covered by this manual meet or exceed the <i outputclass="Cite">Energy Policy Act</i> standards with respect to insulation and
            standby heat loss requirements, making an insulation blanket unnecessary.</p>
        <p id="p_i4p_5jc_fbb">If you choose to apply an insulation blanket to this heater, you
            should follow these instructions. 
            See <xref keyref="sec:Features_and_Components"/> section of this manual for identification 
            of components mentioned below. Failure to follow these instructions can restrict the air 
            flow required for proper combustion, potentially resulting in fire, asphyxiation, serious 
            personal injury or death.</p><ul>
                <li>Do not apply insulation to the top of the water heater, as this will interfere with safe operation 
                    of the blower assembly.
                </li>
                <li><b>Do not</b> cover the control system LCD on top of the water heater.</li>
                <li><b>Do not</b> cover the Temperature-Pressure Relief Valve.</li>
                <li><b>Do not</b> cover the instruction manual. Keep it on the side of the water
                heater or nearby for future reference.</li>
                <li><b>Do</b> obtain new warning and instruction labels from the manufacturer for
                placement on the blanket directly over the existing labels.</li>
                <li><b>Do</b> inspect the insulation blanket frequently to make certain it does not
                sag, thereby obstructing combustion air flow.</li>
            </ul>
    </conbody>
</concept>
