<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_dc4_vd1_hbb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Home Screen</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p>During normal operation the control system will display the "Desktop" screen on the LCD
            Touch Display which is the default screen. The control system will return to the Desktop
            screen when there are no active Fault or Alert conditions or when there has been no user
            input for several minutes. </p>
        <ul id="ul_xn5_xd1_hbb">
            <li>Manufacturer and water heater model information is displayed in Title Bar at the top
                of the Desktop screen. Menu titles are displayed in the Title Bar when navigating
                the control system menus.</li>
            <li>The first temperature shown on the Desktop screen, Tank Temperature, is the
                temperature of the water inside the water heater's storage tank.</li>
            <li>The second temperature shown on the Desktop screen is the Operating Set Point. The
                Operating Set Point is the temperature at which the control system will maintain the
                water inside the storage tank. </li>
            <li>Beneath the Operating Set Point is the "Status" line. The Status line shows the
                current operational state of the control system in real time, see Table 19.
                Operating States on page 47 for a description of the various operational
                states.</li>
            <li>The Desktop screen also displays animated "Status Icons" to convey operational
                information, see Table 18 (page 46) for descriptions of the Status Icons.</li>
        </ul>
    </conbody>
</concept>