<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_nv2_3m5_gbb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Water-Piping Diagrams</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p id="p_hxd_jm5_gbb">This manual provides detailed water-piping diagrams for typical
            methods of application for the water heaters. See <xref keyref="sec:Water_Piping_Diagrams"/>.</p>
        <p id="p_ixd_jm5_gbb">The water heater can be installed with or without a separate storage
            tank. When used with a separate storage tank, the circulation can be either by gravity
            or by means of a circulating pump. When a circulating pump is used, it is important to
            note that the flow rate should be slow enough that there is a minimum of turbulence
            inside the water heater storage tank.</p>
        <p id="p_jxd_jm5_gbb">Adjust the flow by throttling a full-port ball valve installed in the
            circulating line on the outlet side of the pump. Never throttle the flow on the suction
            side of a pump. See <xref keyref="sec:Water_Piping_Diagrams"/>.</p>
        <note>In addition to the factory-installed Temperature-Pressure Relief valve (T&amp;P valve)
            on the water heater, each remote-storage tank that can be installed and piped to a
            water-heating appliance must also have its own properly-sized, rated, and approved
            Temperature-Pressure Relief valve installed.</note>
        <p id="p_dnw_lm5_gbb">Call the toll-free technical-support phone number listed on the back
            cover of this manual for further assistance in sizing a T&amp;P valve for remote-storage
            tanks.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>