<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_hq2_2pw_1bb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Thermal Expansion</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p id="p_gcg_fpw_1bb">As water is heated, it expands (thermal expansion). In a closed system
            the volume of water will grow when it is heated. As the volume of water grows there will
            be a corresponding increase in water pressure due to thermal expansion. Thermal
            expansion can cause premature tank failure (leakage). This type of failure is not
            covered under the limited warranty. Thermal expansion can also cause intermittent
            Temperature-Pressure Relief Valve operation: water discharged from the valve due to
            excessive pressure build up. This condition is not covered under the limited warranty.
            See <i>Commercial Water Heater Limited Warranty</i>.</p>
        <p id="p_hcg_fpw_1bb">The Temperature-Pressure Relief Valve is not intended for the constant
            relief of thermal expansion.</p>
        <p id="p_icg_fpw_1bb">A properly sized and pressurized thermal expansion tank must be
            installed on all closed systems to control the harmful effects of thermal expansion.
            Contact a local plumbing service agency to have a thermal expansion tank installed.</p>
        <p id="p_jcg_fpw_1bb">See <xref keyref="sec:Water_Line_Connections"/> and the 
            <xref keyref="sec:Water_Piping_Diagrams"/>.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>