<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_wm5_blw_1bb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Dish-washing Machines</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p id="p_avj_2lw_1bb">All dish-washing machines meeting the National Sanitation Foundation
            requirements are designed to operate with water flow pressures between 15 and 25 pounds
            per square inch (103 kPa and 173 kPa). Flow pressures above 25 pounds per square inch
            (173 kPa), or below 15 pounds per square inch (103 kPa), will result in improperly
            sanitized dishes. Where pressures are high, a water pressure reducing or flow regulating
            control valve should be used in the 180°F (82°C) line to the dish-washing machine and
            should be adjusted to deliver water pressure between these limits.</p>
        <p id="p_w3m_ylw_1bb">The National Sanitation Foundation also recommends circulation of
            180°F (82°C) water. The circulation should be just enough to provide 180°F (82°C) water
            at the point of take-off to the dish-washing machine. </p>
        <p id="p_x3m_ylw_1bb">Adjust flow by throttling a full port ball valve installed in the
            circulating line on the outlet side of the pump. Never throttle flow on the suction side
            of a pump. See the <xref keyref="sec:Water_Piping_Diagrams"/>.</p>
        <note id="p_y3m_ylw_1bb" type="note">Note: To comply with <i outputclass="Cite">NSF Standard 5 installation requirements,</i> the
            the bottom of the water heater must be sealed to the floor with a silicone based sealant or
            elevated 6 inches above the floor.</note>
    </conbody>
</concept>