<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_mhn_2lv_2bb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Locating the Water Heater</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p id="p_gtv_flv_2bb">Carefully choose a location for the new water heater. The placement is
            a very important consideration for the safety of the occupants in the building and for
            the most economical use of the water heater.</p>
        <p id="p_jtv_flv_2bb">
            <hazardstatement conkeyref="wmsg:caution_property_damage_leakage">
                <messagepanel>
                    <typeofhazard/>
                    <consequence/>
                    <howtoavoid/>
                </messagepanel>
            </hazardstatement>
        </p>
        <p id="p_wps_qcb_fbb">Whether replacing an existing water heater or installing the water
            heater in a new location, observe the following critical points:</p>
        <ol id="ol_zdr_scb_fbb">
            <li>The water heater must be located indoors.</li>
            <li>The water heater must not be located in an area where it will be subject to freezing
                temperatures.</li>
            <li>Locate the water heater so it is protected and not subject to physical damage by a
                moving vehicle.</li>
            <li>Locate the water heater on a level surface.</li>
            <li>Locate the water heater near a floor drain. The water heater should be located in an
                area where leakage of the tank or connections will not result in damage to the area
                adjacent to the water heater or to lower floors of the structure. When such
                locations cannot be avoided, it is recommended that a metal drain pan, adequately
                drained, be installed under the water heater.</li>
            <li>Locate the water heater close to the point of major hot water usage.</li>
            <li>Locate the water heater close to a 120 VAC power supply. See <xref keyref="sec:Power_Supply"/> for requirements.</li>
            <li>Locate the water heater where an adequate supply of fresh air for combustion and
                ventilation can be obtained. See <xref keyref="sec:Air_Requirements"/>.</li>
            <li>Locate the water heater where the vent and intake air piping, when installed, will
                remain within the maximum equivalent lengths allowed. See <xref keyref="sec:Venting_Requirements"/>.</li>
            <li>Do not locate the water heater where noise (such as the Combustion Blower) during
                normal operation will be objectionable in adjacent areas.</li>
            <li>Do not locate the water heater where the subsequent installation of the vent
                (exhaust) or intake air terminations would be objectionable due to noise at the
                termination(s). This includes locations close to or across from windows and doors.
                See <xref keyref="sec:Venting_Installation"/>.</li>
        </ol>
        <p id="p_abcd">
            <hazardstatement conkeyref="wmsg:fire_or_explosion_hazard-general">
                <messagepanel>
                    <typeofhazard/>
                    <consequence/>
                    <howtoavoid/>
                </messagepanel>
            </hazardstatement>
        </p>
        <p id="p_xc3_gfb_fbb">There is a risk in using fuel burning appliances such as gas water
            heaters in rooms, garages or other areas where gasoline, other flammable liquids or
            engine driven equipment or vehicles are stored, operated or repaired. Flammable vapors
            are heavy and travel along the floor and may be ignited by the water heater’s igniter or
            Main Burner flames causing fire or explosion.</p>
        <p id="p_f2n_hfb_fbb">Flammable items, pressurized containers or any other potential fire
            hazardous articles must never be placed on or adjacent to the water heater.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>