<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_nnn_s1l_kcb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Temperatures Menu Functions</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <ul id="ul_wtw_t1l_kcb">
            <li><uicontrol>Differential</uicontrol> - Adjustable user setting that changes the tank
                temperature differential with a range of 2° to 20°F. The factory setting is 8°F</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Tank Temperature </uicontrol>- Non adjustable. Control system sensed
                temperature (averaged from upper &amp; lower temperature probes).</li>
            <li><uicontrol>Tank Probe Offset</uicontrol> - adjustable user setting, range -5° to +5°
                (factory setting 0°). </li>
            <li>
                <note>These settings should only be used if hot water supply temperature varies
                    greatly from the Operating Set Point setting.</note>
                <p id="p_jyp_bbl_kcb">The Tank Probe Offset is used to calibrate control system
                    temperature sensing. This can improve the precision of temperature control in
                    the storage tank and at points of use. This feature can also be used to
                    compensate for building recirculation loops (hot water returning to the storage
                    tank) that can cause the heating cycles to terminate prematurely.</p>
                <p id="p_unv_cbl_kcb">Example: If the current temperature from a temperature probe
                    is 120°F (49°C) and the Offset setting is adjusted to a value other than 0°, the
                    control system would calibrate or “offset” the sensed temperature from the probe
                    and the averaged tank temperature. Heating cycles would be activated and
                    deactivated based on the calibrated (offset) temperature. A -5° setting results
                    in +5° hotter water.</p>
                <p id="p_jpf_2bl_kcb">These settings are adjusted as described in
                    <xref keyref="sec:Operating_Set_Point_and_Differential_Adjustment"/>.</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </conbody>
</concept>