<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="concept_rlg_vnv_1bb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:concept.xsd">
    <title>Gas Supply Systems</title>    
    <shortdesc>Gas supply systems fall into two categories: low pressure and high pressure. Each
        category has distinct performance characteristics of which the installer should be
        aware.</shortdesc>
    <prolog><metadata><audience type="US-commercial"/></metadata></prolog>

    <conbody>
        <p id="p_gtt_ynv_1bb">Low pressure building gas supply systems are defined as those systems
            that cannot under any circumstances exceed 14” W.C. (1/2 PSI Gauge). These systems do
            not require pressure regulation. Measurements should be taken to insure that gas
            pressures are stable and fall within the requirements stated on the water heater rating
            plate. Readings should be taken with all gas burning equipment off (static pressure) and
            with all gas burning equipment running at maximum rate (dynamic pressure). The gas
            supply pressure must be stable within 1.5” W.C. from static to dynamic pressure to
            provide good performance. Pressure drops that exceed 1.5” W.C. may cause rough starting,
            noisy combustion or nuisance outages. Increases or spikes in static pressure during off
            cycles may cause failure to ignite or in severe cases damage to appliance gas valves. If
            your low pressure system does NOT meet these requirements, the installer is responsible
            for the corrections.</p>
        <p id="p_htt_ynv_1bb">High Pressure building supply systems use pressures that exceed 14”
            W.C. (1/2 PSI Gauge). These systems must use field-supplied regulators to lower the gas
            pressure to less than 14” W.C. (1/2 PSI Gauge). Water heaters require gas regulators
            that are properly sized for the water heater input and deliver the rating plate
            specified pressures. Gas supply systems where pressure exceeds 5 PSI often require
            multiple regulators to achieve desired pressures. Systems in excess of 5 PSI building
            pressure should be designed by gas delivery professionals for best performance. Water
            heaters connected to gas supply systems that exceed 14” W.C. (1/2 PSI Gauge) at any time
            must be equipped with a gas supply regulator.</p>
        <p id="p_itt_ynv_1bb">All models require a minimum gas supply pressure of 
            <keyword keyref="minimum_natural_gas_supply_pressure"/> for
            natural gas and <keyword keyref="minimum_propane_gas_supply_pressure"/> for propane gas. The minimum supply pressure is measured while
            gas is flowing (dynamic pressure). The supply pressure should never fall below <keyword keyref="minimum_natural_gas_supply_pressure"/>
            for natural gas and <keyword keyref="minimum_propane_gas_supply_pressure"/> for propane gas. The supply pressure should be measured
            with all gas fired appliances connected to the common main firing at full capacity. If
            the supply pressure drops more than 1.5” W.C. as gas begins to flow to the water heater
            then the supply gas system including the gas line and/or the gas regulator may be
            restricted or undersized. See Supply Gas Regulator section of this manual. The gas valve
            on all models has a maximum gas supply pressure limit of <keyword keyref="maximum_gas_supply_pressure"/>. The maximum supply
            pressure is measured while gas is not flowing (static pressure).</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>