<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><task xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="task_ydv_hxc_fbb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:task.xsd">
    <title>General Venting Instructions</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>These instructions must be followed on all installations.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><i outputclass="Emphasis">Do not</i> install the water heater in a Power Vent
                    configuration unless there is adequate supply of fresh air. 
                    See <xref keyref="sec:air_requirements"/>. 
                     If the installation space does not provide an adequate supply of
                    fresh air the water heater must be installed in a Direct Vent
                    configuration.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If the water heater is to be installed in a beauty shop, barber shop, cleaning
                    establishment, a laundry with dry cleaning equipment or any space with
                    contaminated air it is imperative that the water heater(s) be installed in a
                    Direct Vent configuration so that all air for combustion is derived from the
                    outdoor atmosphere.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The vent and intake air piping must terminate outdoors.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The minimum clearance from combustible materials for the vent (exhaust) and
                    intake air piping shall be 0 inches. Vent piping passing through a combustible
                    wall or ceiling must be a continuous run (no joints).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The water heater must be protected from freezing downdrafts during shutdown
                    periods.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The intake air and vent pipes must not be combined with pipes from any other
                    appliance unless they meet the requirements in the separate manual for common
                    venting of heaters covered by this manual. See <i><b>Common Vent Kit
                            Instructions.</b></i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Locate the water heater where the vent (exhaust) and intake air piping will
                    remain within the maximum equivalent lengths allowed. 
                    See <xref keyref="sec:Venting_Requirements"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Do not install the vent or intake air piping in a manner that will allow water
                    to be trapped in the piping.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Vent pipes and air intakes must be pitched a minimum of a 1/4 inch per foot
                    back to the water heater (to allow drainage of condensate).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Do not anchor the vent or intake air pipe directly to framed walls, floors or
                    ceilings unless rubber isolation pipe hangers are used to prevent vibration
                    noise from being transmitted.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use only approved vent/intake air pipe sizes and materials. 
                    See <xref keyref="sec:Venting_Requirements"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use only factory-supplied vent and intake air, concentric or low profile
                    terminations. 
                    See <xref keyref="sec:Venting_Requirements"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Do not locate the vent (exhaust) or intake air terminations where they would be
                    objectionable due to noise at the termination(s). This includes locations close
                    to or across from windows and doors.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Direct venting into dead air spaces such as alleys, atriums, and inside corners
                    can cause recirculation of flue gases. Recirculation of flue gases will cause
                    sooting, premature failure of the heat exchanger and icing of the combustion air
                    intake during severe cold weather. To prevent the recirculation of flue gases,
                    maintain as much distance as possible between the intake air and vent
                    terminations.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Do not locate the vent termination over a public area where condensate or vapor
                    can cause a nuisance or ice hazard.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Ensure the screens in the factory supplied terminations are securely installed
                    to prevent blockage in the vent system.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Stress levels in pipe/fittings can be significantly increased by improper
                    installation. If rigid pipe clamps are used to hold the pipe in place, or if the
                    pipe cannot move freely through a wall penetration, the pipe may be stressed, or
                    high thermal stresses may be formed when the pipe heats up and expands. Install
                    accordingly to minimize such stresses.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Ensure the intake air connection Tee fitting is oriented properly, see page
                    Intake Air Connection section for instructions.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Carefully read the <xref keyref="sec:Venting_Requirements"/> and then proceed to 
                    <xref keyref="sec:Venting_Installation_Sequence"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
