<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><task xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" id="task_hwt_ldq_hbb" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:task.xsd">
    <title>Manual Lime Scale Removal</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <note>Contact your local distributor or call the parts department phone number on the
                back cover of this manual to order a new cleanout gasket. Have the new gasket
                available before removing the cleanout cover.</note>
            <p>The cleanout opening is shown in <xref keyref="sec:Lime_Scale_Removal/fig_cleanout_access"/>. To remove lime scale
                manually through the cleanout opening, proceed as follows:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Turn the Enable/Disable switch located on the front of the heater to the
                    Disabled position.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Turn off the electrical supply to the water heater.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The water heater must be drained. See <xref keyref="sec:Draining_and_Flushing"/>. Follow
                    the instructions on how to drain the water heater.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the outer cleanout-access panel from lower side of the water-heater
                    jacket.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the cleanout cover from cleanout opening.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove lime, scale, and/or sediment using care not to damage the glass
                    lining.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Install a new cleanout gasket if required.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Reinstall the cleanout cover. Be sure to draw the plate up tight by tightening
                    the screws securely.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Close the water-heater drain valve.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Fill the water heater. See <xref keyref="sec:Filling_the_Water_Heater"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Turn on the electrical supply to place the water heater back in operation. 
                    See <xref keyref="sec:Initial_Start_Up"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Allow the water heater to complete several heating cycles to ensure it is
                    operating properly.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check for water leakage.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Reinstall the cleanout access panel.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>